Added navigation to POS pages and canNavigate function to Navigation API (#3134)
Shopify/ui-extensions: .changeset/forty-files-relax.md

---
'@shopify/ui-extensions': minor
---

> Updated the navigation function in Navigation API to allow for navigation to POS native pages and added a canNavigate function to allow partners to check if they can navigate to the specified pos page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated the navigation function in Navigation API to allow for navigation to POS native screen and added a canNavigate function to allow partners to check if they can navigate to the specified POS native screen
```
